It had been a long day at school where good luck avoided Glove and
Mitten like "The Accessories" avoided static electricity! Glove tried
all day to solve the "mystery on the playground" without success and
Mitten's was sent to the principal\'s office by the science teacher for
the day due to Mitten's constant posting of selfies with a dissected
frog. Both were looking for some relaxation time and couldn't wait for
the school dance that evening. Glove, not being very social, uses school
activities to look for the next big case while Mitten uses this time to
bump those social media rankings.

As soon as Glove and Mitten arrived at the school they noticed the
outside emergency lights flashing but there were no emergency vehicles
in the parking lot, this was very odd. Glove and Mitten walked around
the school to try and get a better look inside but were unable. They
went to the front entrance where the emergency light was flashing but
not in the normal fashion, it appeared to be flashing to a beat. A big
smile came across Glove's face, "Mitten, I think we have a case! I'm
going in, are you coming with"? Mitten was concerned and had doubts
about entering, "Shouldn't we wait for the authorities"? Glove
responded, "We can't wait Mitten, we must go in for the good of all
Accessory kind"! Mitten sighed and reluctantly followed.

Glove and Mitten entered the school, everything was dark except for the
flashing emergency lights which gave off an eerie glow. Something you
might expect during Halloween, not right before spring break. Mitten
nervously looked around, at the end of the hall Mitten saw light coming
from the science room, Mitten gestured to Glove. "Let's go Mitten",
Glove coaxed, "that must be the source of the flashing lights". As they
approached the science room, the light seemed to have a beat. The door
swung open, Glove peered in with Mitten craning to get a look. To their
surprise, Gerbil and Hermit were out of their cages, swaying to the
beat. Both motioned for Glove and Mitten to join them, they laughed, and
continued on down the hall.
